+++
date = "2016-03-04T22:53:57-06:00"
tags = ["travel", "photography", "colorado", "nature", "wildlife"]
title = "Five Colorado Photo Faves"
topics = ["travel", "photography"]

+++

In October 2014 I moved from Texas to Longmont, CO in order to
experience the amazing beer culture in Colorado.  While there, I fell in
love with the mountains and natural beauty of the state and rekindled my
interest in photography.  These are just five of my favorite photos I
took while in Colorado.  I hope you enjoy.

### 1. Reflections of a Mountain Morning

This photo was taken in Longmont, CO near at Golden Ponds Park and
Nature Area around 10AM one weekend morning.  I had just received my
300mm f/4D telephoto lens and was trying to capture some photos of waterfowl
when I stumbled across this landscape reflection in the water.  The
light seemed perfect, so I quickly swapped over to my 50mm f/1.8D and
took several exposures.  When I felt like I had captured it right, I
took a nine exposure bracket which was later combined in Photoshop and
tonemapped in Photomatix Pro.

{{< flickr user="totaledcow" id="22279537860" title="Reflections of a Mountain Morning" src="https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5618/22279537860_c5df0374c1_z.jpg" w="640" h="427" >}}


### 2. Some Type of Gold Dragonfly Near McIntosh Lake

I went out for a walk/run around McIntosh Lake during the Summer and
came across this guy hanging out in the plants next to the water along
the thing 'land bridge' stretch of the lake trail.  I had my camera with
me and my 105mm f/2.8G macro lens, so I went to town.  Not the perfect
macro image since this is single exposure, but I think quite nice for
hand-held and at a distance.  This was color corrected, lens corrected,
cropped 1:1, and then sharpened slightly.

{{< flickr user="totaledcow" id="21428910639" title="Some Type of Gold Dragonfly Near Mcintosh Lake" src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/641/21428910639_d19361df3f_z.jpg" w="640" h="364" >}}

### 3. Meditation Spot on Top of Mount Evans

My good friend Jon came from Texas to visit me in Colorado.  While out on a lark to visit some breweries we decided to drive to the top of Mount Evans.  Prior to this experience, I don't think Jon was a believer in elevation sickness, but afterwards I'm pretty sure he changed his mind.  It was a gorgeous drive, a ton of fun, and to cap off the day we sat away from the crowds up top and meditated overlooking the Denver skyline far in the distance.  I didn't have a polarizing filter, so it's hard to see, but to our left there was a rainbow just below the clouds as well.  I used our shadows against a nearby rock to lend our presence to the image without us being the focus of the image.  Single exposure using the kit lens from a D5500.

{{< flickr user="totaledcow" id="19853930174" title="Meditation Spot on Top of Mount Evans" src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/327/19853930174_544ed50e3a_z.jpg" w="640" h="426" >}}


### 4. Large or Small, You're Either Predator or Prey

I had intended to take photos of bees, since I had been attempting to
get one for some time and bees move so much its very difficult to
achieve.  Long story short, I went walking around downtown Longmont
trying to find some bees.  I did stumble upon some eventually, but
during the course of my walkabout I found this lady bug eating an aphid.
Considering how small an aphid is, it's quite interesting you can see
its eyes here.  Not as sharp as I'd like, but was taken hand-held in a
very awkward position with my 105mm f/2.8G macro lens. This is the type
of imagery that really makes me love macrophotography, since it's
something you'd rarely see otherwise.  This and other experiences has
really taught me to focus on the small stuff. Color corrected, cropped 1:1, and sharpened.

{{< flickr user="totaledcow" id="21965751521" title="Large or Small, You're Either Predator or Prey" src="https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5668/21965751521_cb46ba7fd9_z.jpg" w="640" h="572" >}}


### 5. Bald Eagle Stoic Raptor Grin

Taken near Lake McIntosh in Longmont along the walking trail closest to
the power substation.  This Bald Eagle was sitting on top of a telephone
pole pretty close by, so I was able to pull out a lot of detail in the
image.  I had brought tea with me because I was out there to try to
recapture a Great Blue Heron that had been in the area the previous
week.  Instead I found this eagle, and ended up standing there for >4
hours waiting for it to fly so I could get shots of it in flight.
Unfortunately, a very rude person continuously interrupted me asking me
to take a photo of the mountains behind me for them with my camera, and
at one point I turned around to address them and the eagle flew off.
This is one of the better stationary photos I captured of it.  Taken
with a 300mm f/4D, color corrected, lens corrected, cropped, and
minimally sharpened.

{{< flickr user="totaledcow" id="22534176992" title="Bald Eagle Stoic Raptor Grin" src="https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5766/22534176992_2922eba2c8_z.jpg" w="640" h="640" >}}


Well, that's a wrap.  I hope you enjoyed seeing these photos as much as
I enjoyed exploring Colorado and taking them.  
